# Paul Graham's essays as an epub

[Precompiled epub/mobi & screenshots](http://gromnitsky.users.sourceforge.net/lit/graham,paul__essays)

I've tried to find some existing ones, but they all were outdated & w/
a suboptimal formatting.

## Reqs

* node 12+
* ruby
* calibre (tested w/ 4.8.0)
* `npm -g i adieu`

## Compile

    $ make epub

It downloads a list of the possible articles; restart itself;
downloads raw articles; converts each article to a cleaner,
epub-compatible version; generates a toc; finally runs Calible.

## Bugs

Missing essays:

* Lisp for Web-Based Applications
* Chapter 1 of Ansi Common Lisp
* Chapter 2 of Ansi Common Lisp

Margins between subsections aren't always consistent. This is
especially true for the "older" essays.

A book's cover image is pitiful for it's randomly generated by
Calibre.

## License

MIT (for this repo only, not for the ebook).

## A rant (don't read this)

MS Word 2000 produced better html output than the PG's pages. If he
doesn't want some `<a>` to be rendered as a link, he "temporarily"
changes it to something like `<xa>`, always forgetting to do the same
for `</a>`.

The server doesn't return any encoding suggestions, the files don't
hint either, hence you guess (together w/ a browser) that the encoding
is `windows-1252`.

It's a well-known fact that `<p>` is bourgeois excess; consequently,
PG uses `<br><br>`, `<br><br><br><br>` everywhere.

Section headings (like `<h2>`) are absent--why bother, if `<b>`
(painstakingly prepended by `<br><br>`) would suffice?

Each essay has a date mark. You certainly don't think the mark uses a
`<time>` tag for that--it would've been too sophisticated!  `August
2006, rev. April 2007, September 2010` string somewhere in the
beginning of an article is good enough.
